GERARDO D. GOMEZ


(908) 432-8937                                                     Jersey City, NJ 07303                                         gerardogomez066@gmail.com 

SUMMARY 
Driven, attentive individual with excellent communication skills. I have two years of professional experience in bank and brokerage operations plus five years of administrative experience. Natural problem solver and critical thinker able to generate new ideas using a variety of tools. Passionate about technology, data analysis, trading and financial concepts. I am a team player always looking to collaborate with my peers and expand my knowledge. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
E*Trade from Morgan Stanley May 2021 - Present: 
Wealth Management Operations Associate 
● Successfully researched and resolved escalations regarding bank and brokerage accounts. 
● Automated data entry procedures by creating relational Excel workbooks and pivot tables. 
● Reconstructed Excel workbooks to improve the accuracy of our metrics and overall quality. 
● Created a new database for returned checks that improve visibility and reduce risk. 
● Collaborated with adjacent departments to understand and develop better workflows. 
Sentry Court Reporting and Litigation Services December 2015 - December 2020: 
Administrative Manager 
● Managed production of legal transcripts in a customer centric environment.
● Revamped the organization of legal transcripts in our database by creating new file naming formats. 
● Reduced production costs by migrating our delivery process to a digital format instead of paper copies. 
● Created a new submission process for our freelancers in order to improve overall submission quality.

TECHNICAL SKILLS 
● Able to generate Python scripts to explore various data structures and quantitative data. 
● Excellent Excel skills including pivot tables, VBA and database connections. 
● Experience with Git and CLI’s to manage environments and source code. 
● Able to build API/SDK scripts for data generation. 
● Knowledgeable in AWS and general cloud infrastructure. 
● Proficient understanding of SQL including query generation and data modeling. 
● Able to convey technical concepts concisely and accurately to stakeholders or an audience. 
● Fluent in Spanish. 
EDUCATION 
Ramapo College of New Jersey - Mahwah, NJ 2013 - B.A.: 
Spanish Language Studies / International Business Minor 
Rutgers University - Financial Technologies Certificate - December 2022:
Financial Fundamentals / Python programing for Finance / Machine Learning / SQL / Data Structures

